fix: realm saml mappers (#352)
defenseunicorns/uds-identity-config: docs/reference/UDS Core/IdAM/upgrading-versions.md

This doc contains important information for upgrading uds-identity-config versions. It is not meant to be an exhaustive list of changes between versions, rather information and steps required to manually upgrade versions without a full redeploy of keycloak.

## v0.10.0+

<details open>
<summary>Upgrade Details</summary>

> In uds-identity-config versions 0.10.0+, the version of Keycloak was upgraded to Keycloak 26.1.0. In this this release of Keycloak an unmentioned breaking change occured that added case sensitivity to the Client SAML Mappers. This resulted in breaking SAML Auth flows due to users IDP data not being correctly mapped into applications ( ex. Neuvector, Gitlab, etc ). Manual steps to fix this issue:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In uds-identity-config versions 0.10.0+, the version of Keycloak was upgraded to Keycloak 26.1.0. In this release of Keycloak an unmentioned breaking change occurred that added case sensitivity to the Client SAML Mappers. This resulted in breaking SAML Auth flows due to users IDP data not being correctly mapped into applications ( ex. Sonarqube, Gitlab, etc ). Manual steps to fix this issue:
```

Reviewer: Fixed some typos - also switched to apps known affected since NeuVector uses OIDC.
